are you a phantom? Because every heartbeat near you drops my sanity by .5%;
are you a moroi? Because when you whisper in my ear, I lose my mind;
are you an onryo? Because you're the only hot flame I can see!;
are you a big bone? Because I need two hands to grab you!;
are you a deogen? Because I can't hide from you!;
are you a garage ghost? Because my caulk is all over the place.;
I must be a raiju because I get all riled up when you bring out the electronics.;
are you a wraith? Because when I make a mess, you don't get salty.;
are you an obake? Because I get all excited when I see your special fingies.;
are you a yurei? Because my heart races when you close the door!;
are you the Hermit card? Because I want you locked in my room.;
are you the High Priestess? Because when I pull you out, I get a new life!;
are you a music box? Because I start singing when you turn your crank!;
are you a spirit box? Because when you're turned on, all I can do is breathe heavily.;
are you a mare? Because you like it with the lights off.;
are you a hantu? Because you're nice and slow when the heat is on!;
are you a shade? Because you're avoiding me! …wait! STOP RUNNING!;
are you a jinn? Because you leave sparks when you touch my fusebox!;
I must be a banshee because you can really make me scream!;
are you a poltergeist? You can throw me every half-second anytime you like.;
are you a poltergeist? Because I love it when you explode.;
are you a demon? Because I'm possessed by you!;
are you a smudge stick? Because you're smoldering.;
are you a spirit? Because I could drink you all day.;
are you a monkey paw? Because when I wish for [REDACTED] you give me your fist.;
I must be a cursed mirror because when you look at me, I shatter!;
are you Beef Jerky Man? Because when you see me your clothes come off.;
are you a yokai? Because I—I SAID: ARE YOU A YOKAI?!;
your love is like the D.O.T.S. bug. I can feel it even when I can't see you!;
are you Sunny Meadows? Because I found my squishy place within you.;
are you a Tier 3 smudge? Because after holding you I can't walk straight.;
are you a spirit? Because  when I smudge you, it takes at least 3 minutes to try again.;
I must be a jinn because I get the zoomies when I'm near you.;
